fix(www): broken link on home page (#12736)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/source-plugin-tutorial.md

Try adding new features to your plugin, for example - download images from Pixabay, improve error handling, add documentation or automated tests.

> Check out Gatsby's docs on [plugin authoring](/docs/source-plugin-tutorial/) and [creating a source plugin](/docs/create-source-plugin).

Author: ```suggestion
Check out Gatsby's docs on [plugin authoring](/docs/how-plugins-work/) and [creating a source plugin](/docs/source-plugin-tutorial/).
```
